## Ingredients:

* shrimp (peeled)
* mayonnaise
* sugar
* wasabi
* corn starch
* walnuts
* honey
* oil


## Instructions:

If shrimp is frozen, thaw in a bowl of cool water. Check the shrimp
every minute or so - do NOT leave the shrimp alone in the water
because it will deteriorate after it's done thawing. When completely
thawed, drain the shrimp and then peel the shells off, including the
tails. You'll want to throw these shells away outside as soon as
possible, because they will start smelling hardcore within a few
hours.

In a bowl, put in about as much mayonnaise as you think it takes to
cover the surface of all the shrimp you've thawed. Maybe a little more
than that, just in case it wasn't enough. Add about a teaspoon of
sugar, mix it really well, then taste the sauce mixture. Add more
sugar if you think it needs more. Then mix in a small squirt of
wasabi. Again, add more if you think it needs it.

In a small pan, put in enough honey to form about a 1/3 inch layer.
Put the burner on medium heat. Once the honey starts to bubble, put in
walnuts. Make sure there's only one layer of walnuts, and that they're
not stacking on top of each other.

Put a non-stick pan over medium heat. Add about two tablespoons of
canola oil. While the pan is heating, spread out a thin layer of corn
starch on a plate. Quickly splash some water on the shrimp, because
the corn starch won't stick unless they're wet. Cover each shrimp with
corn starch, and then put them all in the hot pan one by one. Make
sure that the shrimp aren't touching each other. Turn them over one by
one after about maybe a minute. They should be turning pink. When the
shrimp are no longer translucent and are stiff to the touch, they're
done. The entire cook time should only be 5 minutes or less.

Move the shrimp to the bowl. Pour the mayo sauce in and mix well until
the shrimp is completely covered with the sauce.

The walnuts are done if they break when you try to pierce them with a fork.
